Images Related Features:
    1. Click 2 -> to show only 2 images on the row, click 3 -> to show only 3 imgs on the row,
        this is available for 1 to 9, and when we click on 0 - it will show 10 imgs on a row.

    2. Click on 'r' to make the images order in random.

    3. Click on 'R' to make the images back to sorted order.

    4. Click on 't' to make the images in descending order.

Focus Element: 
    1. Initally Focus Element = First Image.
    2. When we click on any image, that will become Focus Element

Navigate to other page:


Within Page Navigation:
    1. Click on down arrow to scroll to below row. (scrolling depends on focus element)
        If Focus element = 5th image, and no.of imgs in an row = 4, 
        then when we click on down arrow -> it will goto to 9th imgs containing row.

    2. Click on up arrow to scroll to above row. (scrolling depends on focus element)

    3. w - to goto top of the page.

    4. W - to goto bottom of the page.
    
Copy to Clipboard:
    y - Copies Current Page/header Name
    l - Copy all imgs name as "\n" seperated
        if search for an word and click "l" it will still copy all images name, not only the ones shown on screen
    p - Copy Path - use this to copy the path and open in file explorer
    u - it will url path, so that we can update it in the main vala index.html file
        like All Websites Links/1 Main/Ani List/index.html#hype

Ctrl + Enter: When we are on "Alina Becker Tier 1", it open goto "Alina Becker Tier 1 - Avg" website & vise versa

when we are in multipleElementsSelectionMode:
    when we click on 1, it will select first element in current row level,
    when we click on 2, it will select 2nd   element in current row level
    when we click on 2, it will select 3rd   element in current row level

    when we click on m, move button will get clicked,
    when we click on s, submit button will get clicked 
        (Note Submit button is: the left-side top submit button for category/website/folder)
